Update legacy plan details in billing documentation (#7936)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/billing.md

### Legacy plans

> Customers who purchased the <Constant name="cloud" /> Teams plan before August 11, 2023, remain on a legacy pricing plan as long as your account is in good standing. The legacy pricing plan is based on seats and includes unlimited models, subject to reasonable use. 

Reviewer: this looks great and i love fusing teams with starter. i wonder if its best to keep it as starter since thats the name now, and put the former plan name in parenthesis. so this way, we honor past terminology but center around the present name.

```suggestion
Customers who purchased the <Constant name="cloud" /> Starter plan (formerly Team) plan before August 11, 2023, remain on a legacy pricing plan as long as your account is in good standing. The legacy pricing plan is based on seats and includes unlimited models, subject to reasonable use. 
```
